I know why the CIA gets a bad name I
know I used to live in Laos age to live
in Cambodia man plows used to look like
a piece of Swiss cheese the United
States dropped more bombs on Laos this
tiny poverty-stricken country than they
dropped on all of Japan and all of
Germany in World War two combined okay I
know and that war wasn't the US Air
Force wasn't the army it was the good
old CIA I know what the CIA gets a bad
reputation but I see these things in the
news and I wonder why don't you people
ask yourself what would the CIA do can't
you take some spiritual and moral
guidance in your life from the CIA
jussie Smollett trying to trying to fake
trying to stage manage a political hopes
let's put it that way to make himself a
more politically significant figure or
mark CIA does that say he's done that in
Latin America Southeast Asia that all
over the world man sure
faked violence real the pilot did well
why didn't you just just stop and ask
yourself what would the CIA do that was
so much wrong with this plan there was
so much wrong with it at every stage
that you look back and think how could
this possibly have gone right my
girlfriend I've been watching a lot of
videos again from DJ Vlad showed up to
Vlad TV YouTube channel here and hear
about one crime after another one murder
after another and this kind of thing
it's just no way these people could have
gotten away with it like there are the
specifics of the crime but again like
what do you what do you think or is it
the influence of Christianity is it like
oh this is what Jesus would do guess
what Jesus was found guilty he went to
trial and it was executed on a goddamn
cross geez
is not the patron saint of getting away
with murder okay
he's about getting caught standing trial
and doing your time did is he did his
time on a wooden stick bro it's not how
you want to look up to in key situations
like they were the specifics of how they
carry out the murderer yeah but then on
a broader cultural level it's like man
you know what if you want to get away
with murder you want to involve like 20
or 30 people do you really want to have
a gain of people involved and then have
like social occasions where you hang out
drink beer out of long necks like get
high and and boast about this murderer
like expanding the number of direct and
indirect witnesses and participants like
30-60-90 like it keeps it keeps going up
like just just stop it as you CA kills
people all the time how do I get more
what would the CIA do I'm just certain
if you contrast the gang culture to the
professional killer culture of the CIA
you don't even do a lot of research
because you don't need to read a lot of
just ask yourself hey you know what
people I could even extend this to some
things that are that are positive right
you know what if you're trying to make a
positive difference in the world if
you're trying to do political activism
don't do some dumb [ __ ] standing on the
sidewalk holding a sign is that how CIA
enforces world politics you know what do
you think the US government is ever
they're like guys how are we gonna
influence government policy in Nicaragua
let's let's let's that's the CIA the CIA
comes back they're like well we got this
plan we're gonna get some people to hold
signs and walk back and forth on the
cipher
ask yourself positive or negative
channel them a channel SGA is your
spirit animal reach out for spiritual
guidance the CAA
what would the CIA do